one day we're going to go in 1969 good in this
level asks us to clear 100% of the
important blocks already functional to the
visit now go down under the screen
until it seems
this balloon that to work
that is going to look like a place
inappropriate because if I have to throw the
strong and if you follow him
I would tell you to use them resell them
and they have for deep it's about
next and take it with an artificial
plus
that we are going to be able to take out the three blocks
of iron that are missing
at least that we have to
worry
that I had in mind will be the
help from that spring
of the orbiters
but they will not have another great help
except that so try to accommodate more
that all two cubes
these yellows that were left there
so that I stay here treat me of you
that always in pairs
go see how they are going to be for
accommodate them well this green that is
just there I'm going to do it with this is
cortito
there is now in the bag and I have left
worry about that amarillistas nothing
more see you in the next if god
he wants you to have a great day greetings